All right, we've reached the part of
writing, so choose the three that you
like and you're going to write them in
the community.
During his early years, he was used to
phase in numerous obstacles, which helped
him develop resilience.
Second, now you must know that entering
the field of neurosurgery is known for
being an extremely rigorous process.
Third, after becoming general doctors,
those aspiring to neurosurgery have to
undergo a residency program that can last
between 7 to 10 years.
Wow, that's a lot of time.
Number four, his success in the field,
his success in this field is often
described as groundbreaking.
Number fifth and the last one.
Fifth and last one is this accomplishment
of his career illustrate how he managed
to achieve excellence by dedicating
himself to solving some of the most
challenging problems in medicine.
All right, pretty good.
Así que puedes elegir las tres que más te
gusten y las vas a transcribir en la comunidad.
Allá nos vemos.